
List of Telcom wireless plans
1. Unlimited Data Plan:  Unlimited talk, text and unlimited data for $90 per month.

2. Small Data Plan: 5GB of data for $30 per month. Ideal for customer who don't use a lot of data.

3. Family Plan: 4 lines with unlimited talk and text and 100GB of shared data for $150 per month. Additional line is $30 per month

4. International Roaming: Unlimited talk and text and 2GB of data for $70 per month. Unused data may not be carried over to the next month. 

5. Senior Plan: Unlimited talk and text and 15GB of data for $40 per month. Only customer over the age of 70 are eligible for the senior plan. 

6. Student Plan: Unlimited talk and text and 50GB of data for $50 per month. Only current student with valid student ID are eligible for the student plan.

7. Talk and Text Plan: Unlimited talk and text for $50 per month with 10GB of data.

8. Prepaid Plan: Pay as you go with no contract and no monthly fee. Pay for what you use.


List of Telcom promotion
1. $25 credit for customers who sign up for auto-pay. Valid only till May 2023. 

2. Provide a free month of service for customers who refer a friend or family member to the Telcom. NOte that it takes up to 2 month to process the referral bonus. 

3. Offer a free month of service for customers who sign up for a two-year contract.

4. $500 credit to customers who switch to the Telcom from another carrier. Current Telcom customer not eligible for this promotion. 

5. Provide a free phone or tablet with the purchase of a new phone. Only Unlimited Data Plan customers are eligible for this promotion

6. Offer a free month of service for customers who pay their bill on time for six month bundle. 

7. Offer $50 credit if customer bundle with 5G home internet service.  Only current family plan customers are eligible for this promotion

8. Provide a free month of service for customers who purchase a new iphone 14 from the Telcom.

9. Offer a free month of service for customers who upgrade their plan.

10. Give a $500 credit to customers who purchase a new iphone from the Telcom and sign up for a three-year contract.


Telcom Mobile Bill Dispute Policy

1. Telcom is committed to providing our customers with the best service possible. We understand that sometimes billing issues arise and we want to ensure that any disputes are resolved in a timely and satisfactory manner.

2. If you have a dispute with your Telcom mobile bill, please contact us immediately. You can reach us by phone, email, or through our website.

3. When you contact us, please provide us with the following information:

• Your name, address, and phone number
• Your Telcom account number
• A detailed description of the dispute
• Any supporting documentation that you have

4. We will investigate your dispute and respond to you within 30 days.

5. If we determine that the dispute is valid, we will adjust your bill accordingly.

6. If we determine that the dispute is not valid, we will explain our decision and provide you with the option to appeal.

7. If you choose to appeal, we will review the dispute again and provide you with a final decision.

8. If you are still not satisfied with the outcome, you may contact the appropriate regulatory body in your state or country

9. For international roaming, the customer is charged a $70 activation fee regardless of whether the customer used up all the data

10. Customers who are over 70 years old are eligible for senior pricing, they need to sign up and allow up to 1 month for the plan change to take effect. 

11. 